[Browser Rendering] pricing update (#23727)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/browser-rendering/platform/pricing.mdx

  order: 31
---

> Browser Rendering is currently available at no cost up to the [limits](/browser-rendering/platform/limits/) specified, with billing beginning on XXXX-XX-XX at the following rates:

Author: ```suggestion
Browser Rendering is currently available at no cost up to the [limits](/browser-rendering/platform/limits/) specified, with billing beginning on 2025-08-20 at the following rates:
```

> Browser Rendering is currently available at no cost up to the [limits](/browser-rendering/platform/limits/) specified, with billing beginning on 2025-08-20 at the following rates:

Author: Oh it's August 20. But I will change it.

> Browser Rendering is currently available at no cost up to the [limits](/browser-rendering/platform/limits/) specified, with billing beginning on 2025-08-20 at the following rates:

Author: ```suggestion
Browser Rendering is currently available at no cost up to the [limits](/browser-rendering/platform/limits/) specified, with billing beginning on August 20, 2025 at the following rates:
```
